well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about pep
talks comparisons
and disseminating information at the
appropriate time
to further this discussion i'm going to
tell you a story in the early 2000s i
was running a protective detail
high-risk client somebody who who was
likely to have something bad go down
so we have a counter surveillance team
counter surveillance team
what they do is they're out there
looking for people who are conducting
surveillance
because surveillance normally
foreshadows something bad going down
one day they come to me and they got
photos these guys
these guys right here them been around
way too much
they're out of place they don't have a
purpose
they're photographing you're gonna get
hit
almost positive bad guys right here
great just what i wanted to hear you
know
fantastic because we're going out that
day so i take the photos and i get my
guys together because i gotta give them
that pep talk
gotta make sure they know what's going
down pass the photos around
explain counter surveillance guys say
we're in trouble
we're going to get hit these are the
people that are
conducting the surveillance pick up that
mp5
what i want you to think about when we
get out there today
and it goes loud i want you thinking
about the fact that you are more likely
to be killed in a car accident than by
gunfire
no of course not that didn't happen
these comparisons i understand that for
some people they're coming from a place
of conveying calm
not wanting people to panic i get that
however
the result of it is that people are
downplaying it it's just fostering
ignorance it's not helping
those comparisons do no good none
yeah a lot of people die from car
accidents
fact that's why we have seat belts and
air bags and traffic signals and
constantly redo the way we do our roads
to cut down on accidents we take
precautions
we try to mitigate
meme lords please use your powers for
good instead of evil
if you want to sit around and make memes
please make them about washing your
hands the effects of social distance and
so on and so forth
i'm sure you can make some spicy memes
about that please
be part of the solution here
um
if you want to use the car accident
comparison
what i would suggest is that you point
out medical professionals
giving you advice right now those are
the traffic signals
red light yellow light green light
that's what they are
they are giving you the best advice they
can on how to stay safe
they're doing their part you have to
listen to them
anyway wash your hands don't touch your
face if you when you wash your hands do
it for 20 seconds
soap and hot water sing the abc song
don't touch your face practice social
distancing stay home
if at all possible
we are the united states the american
people are very resilient we will get
through this
there's no doubt about that but
let's get through it as efficiently as
possible
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night